Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I opened the gates for you.
Handed you this victory.
Your men need to know
my wife is not to be harmed.
Even if that order
could be given,
no one would heed it.
They've been let loose.
If you had suffered such loss...
...is there anything you can
imagine making it right?
No, but I imagine
getting my hands on the man
responsible for it
would be a start.
If we fight them together,
there's a good chance we live.
Separate, and we all die.
When Flint heads south,
we head north.
What's north?
Eleanor Guthrie's
grandfather.
They heard
that Nassau had fallen,
and so they came to join us.
The revolution
you promised
has begun.
- Where's MADI?
- I need you to know
that I did
everything I could
to keep her safe.
It wasn't your fault.
I wasn't able
to say good-bye to her...
so I don't know
what she would've wanted me
to say to you right now...
if anything at all.
She and I...
we'd become close.
So, I think I have some sense
of what it might've been.
She was curious.
And strong.
Not made to be hidden away
from the world.
She was able to see it
before she died.
And she was fighting for
something she believed in
when she died.
You knew her well.
I loved her.
And I believe she loved me.
I think she would've
wanted you to know that, too.
And you say
welcome them in,
but...
I mean, they've never been free.
No one's at each other's
throats yet here?
Whatever their differences,
everyone is here
to be part of ending
colonial rule in the New World.
As long as that's a possibility,
no one wants to be the one
to spoil the chance.
What's this?
Discussing an attack
on St. Ann's Bay
as a first strike.
They've both
been through there
in recent months.
Trying to agree on
what kind of resistance
we'd likely face.
How is she?
She's breathing.
How are you?
In St. Ann's Bay,
we can agree that there are
two 10-pound guns
on the beach.
And men-at-arms
number at least 80.
No more than 100.
100?
I figured twice that.
If we could set
enough men up the coast...
say three times that,
give or take...
we could seize the town
within a day.
If you take St. Ann's,
you'll starve Bridgetown.
She wouldn't last a month.
And Barbados has just fallen.
With Bridgetown
as a staging ground,
how many men could you muster
to move to the mainland?
700, maybe eight.
If we could recruit
one slave in three
in Barbados,
that's 1,200 men we could land
anywhere we chose,
with ships to support
their landing.
That's roughly
what Morgan had in Panama.
It might just be enough
for us to sack Boston.
Boston?
Fools.
You're all fools
if you think this road leads
to where he says it does.
I have not proven to you
my commitment to our
common cause?
What happens
when our enemy realizes
that all it needs to do
to defeat us
is to take away
that common cause?
Turn one against the other.
And when that happens...
as it is all
but certain to do...
which of us standing here
are likely to be
the ones who benefit
and which the ones
sold back into their chains?
Then what the fuck
are you doing here?
I saved
your men's lives
and yours
from the fight you started
but could not finish.
And now you would
start another that no man
can hope to finish?
Then leave.
But what's happening here
is going to happen.
This war is going to begin.
This camp is going to fight it
with or without you.
They may call you a king,
but only in the kingdom
that is no more.
We're all free men here.
And I wish to stay that way.
As do we all.
Will you join me?
Shh, shh, shh.
We have left the bay
for the Delaware.
We will be arriving soon.
I'll be there in a moment.
She ain't been back down here...
since we set sail.
You told her to fuck off.
She listened.
She told me
she ain't got
no apology...
for what she'd done.
I know.
Part of me wanted to lash out.
Betrayed you.
Betrayed me.
Refuses to make it right.
Mm-hm. And the other part?
The other part...
knew how easy
it would've been
for her to lie.
Say she was sorry
when she ain't.
I don't know
what the fuck to think.
You told her not to
come back down here,
didn't you?
You'll have plenty of time
to murder her another day.
Right now, you need to rest.
You asked to see me, my lord?
I cannot imagine
what sort of horror
this is for you.
Please know,
to whatever extent
there could be any doubt,
that the choices she made
in recent days
were made out of concern for you
and out of love...
I spoke with Governor Raja...
just before he set sail.
I wanted to be certain
that our account with him
was squared,
that we ought to expect
no return by his fleet,
considering there were
promises made to him
that remain unfulfilled...
to deliver
the still missing cache
and Jack Rackham.
Governor Raja
assured me he had already
written off the missing cache,
the war effort being
of paramount importance.
But Captain Rackham...
he said he had never asked
for Captain Rackham.
You added that part.
A convenient lie
to placate Havana
and improve your own
prospects for survival,
didn't you?
Didn't you?
Yes.
Eleanor turned her guns on me.
Eleanor betrayed me.
Surrendered Nassau
out from under me.
None of that sounded
like anything that would
ever occur to her to do.
Not her.
Not after everything
we'd been through.
But if it had
occurred first
to someone else...
No, sir.
Someone standing
so close to her,
who could and would
manipulate her
to secure their own survival.
My lord, I did no such thing.
Not now!
Why would I believe you?
Was there not
an agreement between you
that you would be released
from your obligations
and returned to your family...
May I speak, please?!
Jesus, what is it?!
Beg your pardon,
but you'd asked to be notified
when we were finished
dressing the body.
Thank you,
Mr. Rawls.
What?
In dressing the body, my lord...
I don't know how to say it.
Leave.
Beg pardon, ma'am?
Leave now, please.
I'd be careful
if I were you.
Mr. Rawls,
get out of this room.
Mrs. Hudson!
You don't want to hear
what he's about to tell you.
Not like this.
You don't want
to hear about it this way.
Hear what?
I can't quite read this.
Trade. The trade tax
set by the general post.
- The Society of Friends?
- I don't have any friends.
- That's the rules.
- Set by him, is it?
The nine shillings
is set in stone.
two shillings.
Pilot's fee departure,
three shillings.
It costs more to leave than...
Trading fee.
Not trading anything.
No matter.
Non-negotiable.
Sixpence.
And I swear to God,
I'm not making this up,
"Voluntary contribution
to the Society of Friends:
two shillings.
Non-negotiable."
This is... this is
truly marvelous.
And we're the thieves.
Not very good ones,
apparently.
Did he know where to find
Mr. Guthrie?
He did, though he didn't seem
terribly optimistic
about our chances
of gaining an audience.
When he hears
the news we are bringing,
he will grant us an audience.
No, no.
There's no "we."
I have as much to gain
and more to lose
than any of us
if we fail to see
Governor Rogers removed.
I believe
I should be with you.
I'm sure you do.
The last thing
I need to overhear
when Mr. Guthrie
rejects our proposal is, uh...
"Uh, Monsieur Constable, what
sort of reward might one expect
for aiding in 'zhe' capture
of a notorious pirate captain,
such as, say, oh, Jack Rackham?
Really?
'Zhat' much?
Huh.
Well, what do you know?
'Zhere' he is."
You'll stay here.
I'll be back.
You, let's go.
Fuck, it's cold!
I can no longer feel my balls.
No one should live here.
You're wrong about her.
Max.
When that animal Berringer
was terrorizing her,
threatening to kill her
unless she agreed to name her
connections to the resistance...
she refused.
She's not crossed anyone,
to my knowledge,
who hasn't first crossed her,
present company included.
Jack.
I heard you.
Go see what kind of surgeon
you can engage for Anne.
I'll...
do this.
What?
It's somehow
only just occurred to me
how ruined we'll be
if I fail to win
the man on the other side
of that door to our cause.
No home.
No cache.
Anne on death's door.
A ship that can barely sail.
But worst of all,
he'll have won.
Woodes Rogers will sit in Nassau
and grow old
knowing that he was
measured against us
and proven the better man.
So, don't fail.
I once thought like you.
That because I had reason
to mistrust the pirates,
that it necessarily followed
that I must mistrust them.
But it is not so.
For there is also reason
to see common interest
with them.
I have fought
alongside these men.
But I did it so that
I might find security.
But what they are now
arguing for
does not sound
like security to me.
There is no lasting security
to be had here.
We'll fight to change that.
Nothing is lasting.
But months, years,
that is meaningful
and it can be had here.
You now have the resources
to have it here.
There is a treasure
in the ground here.
It'd purchase
whatever is needed
to survive.
No one has ever been this close,
this near a chance
to change the world.
No one changes the world.
Not like this.
Not all at once.
The world
is too strong for that.
From the moment
he started speaking,
I couldn't stop
thinking about her.
She died for this.
She believed in this,
and if it all goes away,
then it was all for nothing.
I can't let this
be for nothing.
I just can't.
It has to mean...
something.
When I was drowning
over Miranda...
you helped me find my way out.
Look at me.
I will do the same for you.
I give you my word.
But in order to do that,
you have to
trust my judgment
for a little while
while yours is reeling.
You think Julius gained
momentum from what I said?
Don't worry about it.
Everything is moving forward.
Just...
trust me.
It's been going on so long.
We will get
to the bottom of this.
Is it true?
I'm sorry?
Uh, is it true
that you've come from Nassau?
It's true, isn't it?
You're one of them.
You're a pirate.
You are!
I hear everyone
knows everyone there,
even the giants.
Will you tell me,
did you know Edward Teach?
Yeah.
And Jack Rackham?
Did you know him, too?
I heard a story
that Jack Rackham
outsmarted Captain Flint
to capture
a Spanish treasure galleon
right out from under him.
Yeah.
Knew him, too.
And believe it or not,
that story is true.
What about Charles Vane?
Charles Vane was
my closest friend
in the world.
Tell me everything about him.
He was the bravest man
I ever knew.
Not without fear,
just unwilling to
let it diminish him.
And loyal to a fault.
And in a world where
honesty is so regularly
and casually disregarded...
I heard he cut off
a man's head and left it
as a marker in the sand
to anyone who would cross him.
It was a little more
complicated than that.
I heard...
Hmm?
...he sometimes
butchered his enemies
for amusement,
made stew of their flesh.
He was truly an animal.
Stew?
Mm-hmm.
For what possible...
I'm...
I beg your pardon,
but do you believe this?
I read it in a newspaper.
Oh.
Mm.
Mr. Guthrie
will see you now.
Charles Vane was a good man.
What I told you was the truth.
Put down the newspapers
and read a book.
Truth isn't nearly
as interesting.
I'm sorry, what was that?
Uh, I said the truth
isn't nearly as interesting.
Sir.
I understand you believe
we have business.
News of the Bahama Islands
of some sort, Mr....
what is it?
Rackham.
Captain Jack Rackham.
Is that so?
The news I bring
is of personal concern
to you, Mr. Guthrie.
Would you prefer
if we discussed it
privately?
Say what you came to say.
Your granddaughter
Eleanor is dead.
Governor Woodes Rogers
plotted with Spanish forces
to help him quell
a resistance movement
on New Providence Island
by razing it to the ground.
And Eleanor was killed
as a result.
I come to offer an opportunity
to see that offense answered
and find great
commercial opportunity
in the process.
Woodes Rogers bears debts
he cannot hope to repay.
Given the ruin Nassau lies in,
those debts could be purchased
for a mere fraction
of their value,
for pennies.
You could own Woodes Rogers
and see him imprisoned.
Meanwhile,
while Nassau smolders,
her real property
could be bought
for a song.
I bring you the chance, sir,
to own the island,
shape the regime
that runs it,
and do it all while
seeing justice visited
on your granddaughter's
murderer.
No.
No to which part?
All of it.
Mr. Guthrie,
if you'd allow me
to explain further...
I heard what you said.
The offense to my family's name
was done a long time ago
by my son.
He, his daughter,
and all their efforts
are parties to that offense
and are no longer
family of mine.
That is all.
She's dead, isn't she?
Excuse me?
The news you bring
about Eleanor.
It's that she's dead, isn't it?
It is.
And who are you?
Her grandmother.
Wait outside.
I'll join you shortly.
How long had she known?
I honestly don't know.
Not long, I don't believe.
She rarely included me
in her thinking.
What I knew of her
was mostly observed
rather than shared.
But one thing
I know to be true...
whatever risk she took
or danger she braved...
they were all made
out of love for you.
She saw a life with you
and the child...
and she was determined
to deliver you all into it.
I'd like a moment alone.
I am so very sorry.
I'm sorry.
I am...
I beg your pardon, my lord.
What is it?
We need more supplies.
We found him
amongst prisoners
in the interior.
I don't advise
that we consolidate them...
Absolutely. I mean,
the wars are our priorities.
A ringleader
of the pirate militia.
He surrendered himself.
Said he would only
speak with you directly.
Speak with me?
About what?
He said he wants to make a deal.
Follow me, please, Captain.
Those men at that table
are among the wealthiest
in the Pennsylvania Colony
and critical suppliers
to my husband's business.
They consider character
to be of paramount importance
in choosing their partners,
and so my husband
has gone to great lengths
to assure them that our family's
sordid beginnings
are long since behind us,
and you just
stood in front of them
and proposed that my husband
join you in a revenge plot
against the royal governor
of New Providence Island.
I'm afraid
I may have fumbled
my case, then, ma'am,
but the merits of it remain
and exist well beyond revenge.
If you could help me gain
your husband's ear again,
this time in private,
outside the presence
of those other men...
My husband's
commercial interests
have grown 12-fold
in the past three years.
By some estimates,
the estate represents
the ninth largest
family fortune
in the Americas.
Does that sound like
something built by a man
who would discard
an opportunity as
promising as this
because of what
the neighbors might think?
No, it doesn't.
So, what does that tell you?
It tells me...
It tells me that
either Joseph Guthrie
is among the 10 luckiest men
in the Americas
or that your husband's business
is not entirely managed
by your husband.
I see merit to your proposal.
Though, I've yet
to see your merit.
Why would I even consider
taking on a pirate as
a partner like this?
First, I and my partners
have intimate knowledge
of Nassau's operations.
We've made it work once before
and could again with your help.
And second,
in all the years
the Guthrie family has had
a relationship with Nassau,
I imagine I'm the first pirate
to find his way to your ear.
So, either
I'm the single luckiest
pirate in all creation
or I'm of a different sort
to the rest of them.
Haul away!
What happened
with Mr. Guthrie?
Were you able to speak with him?
Mm-hmm.
What did he say?
He told me to go fuck myself.
Well, that does not sound good.
The business isn't his.
Well, the horses are his,
the cart is his,
but it appears the wife
is the one holding the reins.
Eleanor's grandmother?
And she is interested.
She invited me
to return this evening
to provide details
of our proposal.
Prove that we can be trusted
to manage Nassau in the event
of Rogers' removal.
And I think
you should come with me.
You do?
Why?
Because our plan is ludicrous
by any sane measure
and my suspicion is
if she's going to say yes,
it's going to be
for emotional reasons
rather than financial ones.
She would look
across the table
and see a woman
with some experience
quietly wielding power
over men
without them knowing it,
and a woman who might
remind her of herself.
It might go a long way
towards winning her.
Do you know who I am?
You're part of
Long John Silver's
resistance.
I am Long John Silver.
The resistance
in the interior...
I built it.
I led it.
It was mine.
I was hitting
your supply lines
to the estates,
fomenting sabotage
in Nassau Town.
Fighting your soldiers
in untold skirmishes.
You killed many of my men
and I got
my fair share of yours.
Why would you tell me this?
Because I want you to know
that I'm withholding
nothing.
That I'm telling the truth.
And I know
what I'm talking about.
I don't care
about the cause now.
I don't care about Nassau now.
I want one thing
and one thing only.
What is that?
They all turned on me.
Discarded
what I'd done for them,
the sacrifices I made,
and left me for dead.
And I want them all
to pay for it.
I cannot achieve it on my own.
You could...
if you were so inclined
and you knew how.
Are you so inclined?
Do you know how?
They are strong
when Flint and Silver
are united.
But separate the two of them,
turn them one against the other,
and their world collapses.
I tried once and failed.
But I didn't possess
the instrument necessary
to make it work.
And you possess it now?
No.
You do.
You brought a friend.
A partner.
What sort of partner is that?
She's operated
significant commercial
interests in Nassau Town,
and both before and after
restored colonial rule...
Does she speak?
There is no business of Nassau's
that has not been
business of mine
for some time.
And aside from
the interference of
Woodes Rogers and his men,
my business has been sound.
This substantiates that.
Mr. Oliver oversees
our operations.
Before I can
be convinced that
your proposal is credible,
he'll need to be convinced
that your proposal
is credible.
It's interesting...
When Richard was a little boy,
there was a tomcat
that lived out in the woods
behind the house.
And it would scratch
at the windows at all
hours of the night.
Richard, all of four years old,
would go outside
still in his nightshirt
and feed it.
My husband disapproved.
He thought it
a sign of weakness.
Given that kindness
is a condition rare
in our family,
I suppose it's unsurprising
that it went misdiagnosed.
So, Richard
would feed the tomcat
and Joseph would flog him
for disobeying,
kick the tomcat for instigating.
But the next night,
the tomcat would return,
and on and on and on it went.
See, none of them
was capable of changing.
The cat a slave to his hunger,
my son to his decency...
my husband to his rage.
That would seem to be
the history of Nassau,
too, wouldn't it?
A cycle of violence
that benefits none
and consumes all.
Suppose the question is
in Nassau's story,
which of these roles
do you play?
I beg your pardon, ma'am.
There are entries
for your wage laborers here,
but I see no accounting
for the others.
I have no other laborers.
Your slaves, ma'am.
I own no slaves
and none work
in my employ.
I see cargo operations,
uh, transportation of sugar,
building, all sorts
of manual labor.
That is correct.
In the Bahamas.
And you pay wages
for all of that?
That doesn't seem
very wise to me.
You are not from Nassau.
In Nassau,
slaves have seen
too many of their own
find freedom amongst
the crews on the account.
It costs less to pay wages
than to replace defectors,
or worse yet,
to pay guards to
watch my door as I sleep.
That isn't
the only reason,
though, is it?
No, it is not.
In my life,
I have been
bought and sold.
And as I would be
no slave again,
and nor would I be a master.
So, how exactly does one rise
from a slave plantation
in the French West Indies
to a library in Philadelphia
trying to remake the world?
What difference does it make?
You are right.
Many men have played
a role in Nassau's story,
but none have been
able to break the cycle
of brutality and failure.
Your granddaughter came as close
as anyone before or since.
But at the end of the day
and despite her best
intentions,
there was one truth
even she was unable to see.
That at some point,
progress cannot begin
and suffering will not end
until someone has the courage
to go out into the woods
and drown the damned cat.
Lend us your help
and we will do
whatever must be done
to move Nassau forward.
I am intrigued by your proposal.
But there is
one question remaining
that you will have to show me
you can adequately answer.
What will you do
when the cat fights back?
It just arrived from Nassau.
She's alive.
Held hostage
by the governor in Nassau.
Unless we bring him the cache
and surrender it to him
by his deadline, she dies.
She's alive.
Who else knows about this?
No one.
I summoned only the two of you.
My daughter is everything to me,
as I believe she is to you.
But that cache is critical
to the success
of the war we're about to begin.
And worse yet,
if it were to be
dug out of the ground
under cover of night,
it would do irreparable damage
to our allies' trust in us.
So, we don't do it
under the cover of night.
We make the argument.
And this isn't just sentiment.
MADI is important to the cause
in her own right.
Some of the men
out there will agree,
and we can...
It doesn't matter
if some of them agree.
You're suggesting
we just refuse?
They'll kill her.
If we even
introduce this question
to the men in this camp,
lines will be drawn,
fighting will ensue.
This alliance is
far too fragile
at this stage
to withstand
that kind of turmoil.
We can pay the ransom
or we can have our war,
but we cannot have both.
A week ago,
you were willing
to trade this money
for a fucking fort.
And now it's too important
to trade for Madi's life?
Things have changed.
Nothing has changed
that justifies trading
her life for your war.
No one is saying
that we let her die.
No? Because that is
certainly what it sounds like.
We will find a way
to get her back.
We just cannot
sacrifice the cache
in order to do it.
Is this war more important
than her life?
Answer the question.
I wanna hear you say it.
Is this war more important
than her life?
Right now
with what's at stake...
yes, it is
more important.
Oh, fuck you! I...
We cannot
permit Woodes Rogers
to divide us like this.
I will not permit it.
MADI would not permit it,
and you know it.
But we're not
going to permit him
to kill her either.
You cannot guarantee that...
We will sail to Nassau
under cover of night.
We will find her.
We will kill anyone
who stands in our way.
And we will bring her home.
When you and I
are of the same mind...
there is nothing
we have not yet
been able to do.
I believe that.
I trust it.
Do you?
I've heard you were with her.
With Eleanor.
How did she die?
What?
Weapons were found
inside the house...
a soldier who was dead
before the fire consumed him.
I'm asking if she died fighting.
What is that?
Terms.
When this is through,
you'll present this
to your people
and advocate to accept them.
Every fugitive slave
in your camp will receive
their immediate emancipation.
With one condition.
Any escaped slave
who seeks refuge with you
after the ratification
of this deal
will be surrendered to the law.
And any pirate at any time
who seeks refuge with you
will be surrendered to the law.
Why would we ever accept that?
Because if you don't,
I will see to it
that every man, woman,
and child in that camp
is put back into chains.
I will see each of them
sold far and wide,
cast out into the world alone.
And then I will burn
everything that remains
to the ground.
From here, your outcomes
are bad or worse.
That's what defeat looks like.
Eleanor died fighting.
As will I.
Thank you.
They're saying
you're heading south
and I'm to stay here.
I can't get
a straight answer
past that.
Sit down.
She agreed.
Madam Guthrie.
Everything we want for Nassau.
Control,
a stake,
Rogers' defeat and humiliation.
There's now a real path
to have it done.
But there is
one final test
to prove our worth
and to lessen
the risk on her end.
What is it?
Flint.
She wants him dead
and she wants me to do it.
Jesus.
On some level,
they can't be blamed.
Flint will stop at nothing
till all the West Indies
are ablaze.
Without him,
our prospects
of success in Nassau
are certainly greatly improved.
And as far as he and I go,
it's not as if
he wouldn't do
the same to me
were the roles reversed.
Jack, how are you gonna do that?
I don't know.
I'll have to find him,
get through
the army of maroons
he calls allies,
get through Long John Silver
and the animal
whose leash he now holds.
And somehow
escape it all alive...
all without you.
But even if you could
do all those things...
I mean, how could you be
someone who would do that?
The world would know
that you were the one
to betray every last one
of our brothers.
Betray the memory
of Charles Vane.
Charles Vane is dead.
I do it for us.
That's how it started.
That's how it's going to end.
We should be going.
You'll, you know...
I will.
Look lively.
Let's get underway.
Seems confident
it's to be done,
doesn't he?
To rescue her
without paying
the governor his ransom.
He is confident in his plan...
as am I.
Maybe.
One of you
is more confident
than the other, I think.
What are you saying?
You're confident in his plan,
maybe because it's a good plan.
Maybe because
it's the only plan.
But maybe it's just because
if his plan don't succeed,
you'll have to show him
that you prepared
for the failure.
That the world
ain't gonna be
what he wanted.
And that a treasure
he wanted left in the ground
ain't in the ground no more.
And when that happens
and the extreme reaction
follows,
it's one of two roads ahead.
You're either
gonna have to concede
and let him have his way...
or you're
gonna have to kill him.
You know this, don't you?
.srt Extracted and Resynced
by Dan4Jem, AD.MMXVII.III
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org